Ok, Here is what I want to measure: (the first 3 come from this site, in case it helps: http://blog.programmableweb.com/2012/07/31/twitter-api-best-practices-follower-quality-vs-quantity/)

Unique mentioners. This is done with a SQL query that finds the DISTINCT screen names among the tweets with @mentions of your account.
Unique retweeters. This is also done with a DISTINCT SQL query that looks at all the screen names that have done a retweet of your account.
Average retweets per tweet. Retweets are the closest thing on Twitter to a vote of approval. By collecting the total number of retweets each tweet receives, and then averaging that over time, you can see if your message is resonating
Engagement rate: total #mentions, favorites, and re-tweets per quarter/total # tweets per quarter
Follower growth: We can already measure this quarterly, but I'd like to look more granularly at the rate. Would be great if there was a way to pull my follower # after each tweet to look at the change to conjecture which topics garnered spikes in followers. As we discussed, rollups by day would probably be the most meaningful, but I can bundle in Excel.

So I think what the spreadsheet would need that it currently lacks is:
1. add current follower count column to each tweet by @DalbergTweet
2. add the date, time, handle, and content of the tweets that mention @DalbergTweet
3. Add the date, time, handle, and content of the people who re-tweet @DalbergTweet

And then I think the metrics above could be created from that data once it is in Excel. I don't know how to do it, so I'm open to your input, but that's definitely a secondary concern in terms of your time because I think we have people internally who can help me manipulate the data after it gets into Excel. I recall you also suggesting that manipulation in Excel is preferable because it simplifies the coding - though I'm curious about how I can automate that Excel work since I need to run identical stats each quarter.

Does that sound do-able?
